Address most of Ben Kaduk's comments (#166)
huitema/dnsoquic: draft-ietf-dprive-dnsoquic.md

The mapping of DNS traffic over QUIC streams takes advantage of the QUIC stream
features detailed in {{Section 2 of RFC9000}}, the QUIC transport specification.

> DNS DNS query/response traffic {{RFC1034}}, {{RFC1035}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNS query/response traffic {{RFC1034}}, {{RFC1035}}
```

The client MUST select the next available client-initiated bidirectional stream
for each subsequent query on a QUIC connection, in conformance with the QUIC

> transport specification {{!RFC9000}}. Packet losses and other network events might
> cause queries to arrive in a different order. Servers SHOULD process queries
> as they arrive, as not doing so would cause unnecessary delays.

Reviewer 2: Is the different order with respect to the streams being opened or the stream IDs?? 

```suggestion
transport specification {{!RFC9000}}. Packet losses and other network events might
cause queries to arrive in a different order than streams are opened. Servers 
SHOULD process queries as they arrive regardless of stream ID, as not doing
so would cause unnecessary delays.
```

Author: Yes, order of stream IDs. Client can send stream 0 and then stream 4, server may very well receive the bytes and FIN of stream 4 before stream 0. Processing out of stream order protects against head of line blocking.

 
Servers MAY support session resumption, and MAY do that with or without supporting
0-RTT, using the mechanisms described in {{Section 4.6.1 of RFC9001}}.

> Servers supporting 0-RTT MUST NOT take any action in
> response to non replayable transactions received in 0-RTT
> data, and MUST adopt one of the following behaviors:

Reviewer 2: I find 'not take any action' confusing because we then prescribe the actions the server must take including sending a response with an EDE code..... I think the intention is that the server not immediately process the DNS transaction and send the processed response prior to the handshake?

```suggestion
Servers supporting 0-RTT MUST NOT immediately process a
replayable transactions received in 0-RTT data, but instead
MUST adopt one of the following behaviours:
```

Author: Shouldn't that be "non replayable?"

* DoQ implementations SHOULD
     * use the same QUIC connection for both AXFR and IXFR requests to the same
       primary
     * pipeline such requests (if they pipeline XFR requests in general) and

>        MAY intermingle them

Reviewer 2: I think we need to retain this requirement in some way - the point is that DoQ clients doing XFR MUST NOT wait for one XFR response before sending the next one (which several TCP implementations do today). Now this should be natural in QUIC but this bullet was supposed to spell that out:

suggestion:
"
* send those requests in parallel as soon as they are queued i.e. do not wait for a response before sending the next query on the connection (this is analogous to pipelining requests on a TCP/TLS connection)
"

Author: Yes. I edited the document accordingly.

>        responses streams MAY be sent intermingled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       response streams MAY be sent intermingled
```
